located in galley credit make yourself on
the site fétes coyne king.com there is
will have for cheap everything is in the
description
and well his friends is that more
today we find ourselves for a
new video for zlatan review
ibrahimovic
so I hope you liked the
little intro the recap of the
rtz series so I hope it will
plus this little start so we will continue
with a player review of zlatan
ibrahimovic which was asked of me by
a lot of people I had planned
in any case because that's it
did it last year with what
everything I had done I had done
a review also
so we'll do the same with zlatan
ibrahimovic regular version or for those
that because these regularities the
basemap there because I asked myself
the question that I answer him you see
there and there are some who put me there say
all I'm still going to do a run
flat a rest something and I you
answered on a journey in my video
final episode will be tinted no no I do not
more redo a turn of events but I
you'll do little episodes of stuff
tips from time to time on buying
resale do not worry about that so
we go directly to the arrival of
Zlatan Ibrahimovic
so tan ibrahimovic is really
a watch this guy
here is the best player after
ronaldo I tested f-16 val israel
easily do both frankly ben
they're not fighting at all he's playing
not the same but frankly escartin
ibrahimovic it's just a
sick thing
a sick thing so there you have some
statins games that scroll so if they
wanted to see better made small
things breaks eh I tried to
take the time anyway for good
that you can see so there is the
map and the unc above on mine
so that's why there are some
some stats that are a bit
plus a little higher compared to the
base map so six stage high schools
principal if they are 93 strong points this
are shooting shot cho-power 93
strongly 191 2 penaltys are 91 of
finish his 90 ball check on the a5
time technical gesture only to paintings
bad foot so there and the first
first goal that I like includes here
simply a carnage the balloon
right too fast for the keeper so
four stars on the wrong foot he has five
stars of the technical gesture and its 2 5
star gesture technical pieces that make
pleasure watch the fly the half fly
bim full skylight keep it moving
not even where it says it's not worth it
so here I am going to leave you the
clips of the nets in the meantime I'm going
comment on it
so yes so nathalie brnovic and 5
star technical gesture you can
really have fun making you happy
it's really a sick thing this guy
so just show you the look
the team against which I just fall
to show that I'm not against
mr teams all the time i'm in
d1
so here is kanaky 18 days against
people who do not have the level
it's easy in the guys there's nothing
it's just that zlatan is a
monster
honestly if you have credits to
bought the game is that it's a big
investment that I do not give
many who do not have as much credit
but frankly look at the scoop turn
2 the hilarious goalkeeper a time to do
it's so much Latin power
honestly also play put the
centers head to show that the
balloons of the head ile de france without
problem after in who said yes
it's not good game like that guys
it was to really illustrate where the
peel the positive points of zlatan
ibrahimovic
after this day only negative point
maybe it's maybe his lack of
speed and again thanks to his physical
frankly it does not feel like
honestly look at the magnificent hall
and frankly I was happy to
to be this clip look we got
fun with some small bits
like that here's twitter my shock age
typo
Here is the story of power full skylight
the goalkeeper could not have anything
make
it's just a trick
sick this guy can reach him
ibrahimovic I can not imagine the version
boosted and green is the version
so much similar tutti already abused
frankly guys I say to myself like that
it's really a sick thing
the stages of free kicks that then
hallucinating I believe that in power of
baby at 80,18 and a few so that's a
sick thing frankly zlatan it's
really a great player honestly
I have nothing to say about it
See for yourself
so I did not put his ratio
ratio boost for the moment all
simply because I will show you
in the goal squad in the builder stage
that I will introduce you with zlatan to
you saw the shot so much
powerful keep him touch but the
balloon and still not come back so
there I will put you the ratio in the
squat of the leader who will arrive very
soon I think of here a few
two days maybe tomorrow
that's it if it's not tomorrow it will be
Friday aig so I said like that
will be Friday look outside the
guardian does not move he does not move he
know he can not do anything that's the
table just said it's good she
was drying the other look at it
luca ci will send it
he gives to the task of the table
the slaving part i force1 little
there and look there he cleans the skylight
he cleans the skylight this guy that's all
just extraordinary this player
frankly buy it honestly if
I have a player advise you if you
have that if you have a million five
do not buy messi but htc the table and
there you go to do that and there
you will please me especially
guys there you will learn take from
fun to play fifa and you go
see it's really it's really
easy and more look at her jeremy lead
not get up a little bit of defense
Unfortunately the table here that is no
of third-minute words of game regard
so it's a sick thing so the
bases the tan all alone negative point this
noon it may be his speed and
again and again
otherwise I do not see what is negative
at home often hard in the gym at the top and
watch the little ball stung them
pilots it works every time of the
patous migeon ni voila here is perfect
the accuracy the beautifully frankly
of the gorgeous tan my country I was saying
she watched small is small actions
who puts her back on the
sieves burton here go back why
to complicate life in something
fascinating
here we would expect the zlatan what the
Thames the beast is used
look at the leafminer he puts it back
perfectly attacks here is
return not calm
so guys I hope this little
video you enjoyed think and licques
I still thank you all for having
follow maas oma series think about you
subscribe to my channel to see the next
share with your friends
when I say to the next had closed
foot by everyone